James Kray shot between the eyes why
don't we know they're showing take a
look how it ends
[Music]
he sees what the calluses
who can hack a human being
this morning I saw a ghost anonymity is
the enemy we got to find out how she
does it you're going to undercover
[Music]
don't look at me
[Applause]
while Hackett makes her living covering
up secrets you'd be surprised what
people want to pretend never happened
[Music]
close our eyes to pray kiss dream or
pray for the law what have you done
don't try to find me look and you are
dead
she won't leave me alone Khan hide she
knows why yeah
this is a nightmare we can't control or
we don't see it's not that I have
something to hide I have nothing I want
you to see
so strange to look at you and say
nothing I don't want to exist
[Music]